---
layout: post
title:  "오늘 배운 것(Today I Lerned It)"
date:   2018-02-22 11:30:00 +0900
categories: jekyll update
---

# jobid  검색
ps -fu<user_id>

# process kill하기
kill PID

# locking file이란?
"File locking is a mechanism that restricts access to a computer file by allowing only one user or process 
to access it in a specific time.Systems implement locking to prevent the classic interceding update scenario, 
which is a typical example of race condition, by enforcing the serialization of update processes to any given file. 
The following example illustrates the interceding update problem:
Process A reads a customer record from a file containing account information, including the customer's account balance and phone number.
Process B now reads the same record from the same file so it has its own copy.
Process A changes the account balance in its copy of the customer record and writes the record back to the file.
Process B, which still has the original stale value for the account balance in its copy of the customer record, 
updates the account balance and writes the customer record back to the file.
Process B has now written its stale account-balance value to the file, causing the changes made by process A to be lost.
Most operating systems support the concept of record locking, which means that individual records within any given file may be locked, 
thereby increasing the number of concurrent update processes. Database maintenance uses file locking, 
whereby it can serialize access to the entire physical file underlying a database. 
Although this does prevent any other process from accessing the file, it can be more efficient than individually locking a large number 
of regions in the file by removing the overhead of acquiring and releasing each lock.Poor use of file locks, like any computer lock, 
can result in poor performance or in deadlocks. File locking may also refer to additional security applied by a computer user either 
by using Windows security, NTFS permissions or by installing a third party file locking software."
<>
Microsoft Windows uses three distinct mechanisms to manage access to shared files:
**1.using share-access controls that allow applications to specify whole-file access-sharing for read, write, or delete**
**2.using byte-range locks to arbitrate read and write access to regions within a single file**
**3.by Windows file systems disallowing executing files from being opened for write or delete access**
</>

# CFT가쓰고있던uniqueid.sh
-오른쪽클릭해서프로파티보면8진수어쩌고있다.참고.
모니터링하다가용
